V0.2.0 (#73)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: ACTIONS.md

*   [Recommend topics or speakers for Community Calls](#commcalls)
*   [Help organize a Community Call](#commcalls)
*   [Propose your idea for a Community Call summary post for our blog](#commcalls)

>     *   (Chp3 text) Take a look at examples of [community call posts](https://ropensci.org/tags/community-call/) in the [blog](#blog), consult the [blog guide](#blogguide) to see what’s involved then contact our Community Manager via [Slack](#channels-slack) or our [contact form](https://ropensci.org/contact/) to discuss your idea.

Reviewer: should Community Manager link to ropensci.org/about#team? But now in the absence of community manager who would people contact?

Reviewer: in the meantime actually we might want to completely remove the part about contacting the CM by slack as the next CM might choose a different workflow involving less slack DMs?

Author: Hmm, that's a good point, I'll remove it for now and can always add it back in later!

>     *   (Chp3 text) Take a look at examples of [community call posts](https://ropensci.org/tags/community-call/) in the [blog](#blog), consult the [blog guide](#blogguide) to see what’s involved then contact our Community Manager via [Slack](#channels-slack) or our [contact form](https://ropensci.org/contact/) to discuss your idea.

Reviewer: what does "(Chp3 text)" mean?

### Blog {#blog}

*   [Submit a correction](#blog)

>     *   (Chp3 text) See a typo or broken link in the Blog? **Submit a correction**. Open an issue in [the blog repository](https://github.com/ropensci/roweb3) or make a pull request with your suggestion and our Community Manager will review it. GitHub has helpful documentation for opening issues and making pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   (Chp3 text) See a typo or broken link in the Blog? **Submit a correction**. Open an issue in [the blog repository](https://github.com/ropensci/roweb3) or make a pull request with your suggestion and our Community Manager will review it. GitHub has helpful documentation for [opening issues](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue) and [making pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-files/editing-files#editing-files-in-another-users-repository).
```

Author: Good point, thanks

*   [Share posts with your network](#blog)
*   [Comment on a post to share your perspective or to ask a question](#blog)
*   **Write a blog post or tech note** (see both the [Blog](#blog) and the [Blog Guide](#blogguide))

>     *   (Chp3 text) Take a look at examples of posts above and on the [blog](https://ropensci.org/blog), consult the [blog guide](#blogguide) to see what’s involved then contact our Community Manager via [Slack](#channels-slack) or our [contact form](https://ropensci.org/contact/) to discuss your idea.

Reviewer: Same question as above

### Blog Guide {#blogguide}

*   [Submit a correction](#blogguide)
    *   (Chp3 text) See a typo or something that’s not clear? **Submit a correction**. Open an issue in [the blog guide repository](https://github.com/ropensci-org/blog-guidance) or make a pull request with your suggestion and one of the authors  will review it. GitHub has helpful [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests) for [opening issues](https://docs.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/managing-your-work-with-issues) and [making pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).
*   **Write a blog post or tech note** (see both the [Blog](#blog) and the [Blog Guide](#blogguide))
    *   (Chp3 text) Read about some [blog themes](#blog), 

>         browse the [Blog Guide](https://blogguide.ropensci.org/) to see what’s involved, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        browse the [Blog Guide](https://blogguide.ropensci.org/) to see what's involved, 
```

Author: Whew! I fixed the rest, thanks!
